Remove pyhdb (#11469)
DataDog/integrations-core: sap_hana/tests/README.md

This integration can be tested using the Docker Compose environment.

> Running the environment requires a rather large amount of memory, so make sure that Docker has a comfortable amount of RAM available - 6GB should be enough.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the environment requires a large amount of memory, so ensure that Docker has a comfortable amount of RAM available. 6GB should be enough.
```
